Rename local-gadget to ig (#1390)
inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget: docs/ci.md

This repository uses GitHub Actions to create a custom Continuous Integration
(CI) workflow named `Inspektor Gadget CI`. This workflow compiles and uploads

> the Inspektor Gadget CLI, IG and gadget container image and runs their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Inspektor Gadget CLIs: `kubectl-gadget` and `ig`; and gadget container image and runs their
```
